Introduction.
-----
🏆A0.1  Learning Activity.

Objective.
Realize the context of use case, as one interview of countryside , and finally consolidate the requirement information, using  the phase stage empatize  proposal by design thinking.
_________________________________________________________
## I.Interview protocol for the client.
# Tijuana, Baja California . March 10, 2021.

* Participant # 1.
* Participant demographic data.
* Age: 40 years
* Gender: Male
* Place of residence: Tijuana
* Occupation: Professor at the Instituto Tecnológico de Tijuana university.

## II.Introduction
Hello good afternoon, we are a work team called Disae and we would like to ask you some questions about what your company would like for an online platform of courses and certifications, in order to gather the necessary characteristics to develop it correctly, meeting expectations of customers,the interview will last approximately 20 minutes.

## III. Questions section.
# Beginning

For which people would you like this platform to be directed?
Students or workers from technical levels to engineering and postgraduate courses.

What purpose would you like us to fulfill when creating the course and certification platform?
Obtain a certificate or proof of accreditation that can show and to show off to others.

What are the special features you would like the platform to have?                Download the pdf files, Possibility of adding  an alias or a nickname

Do you have any specific requirements? Justify your response.                                 You must connect to the user records, to obtain the  data you already have. Upgrades, downloads and user updates. Through requests it will be considered whether or not it is accepted.

Interface

What aspects do you do to make a platform attractive? Mention some (e.g. elegant, colorful , etc.)
Muted colors, with a minimalist approach.


What aspects or information would you like to highlight in the interface?
The courses that are most requested and the next or next revisions.

What information would you like to be visible to users and what information to be visible to administrators?
Administrators will have a database and users can only view the data desired by administrators.

Would you like the course through videos and at the end an exam or all theorists?
Short videos and documents,  mainly the power point presentations

Based on the way you imagine your platform, have you had experience with a similar one?
Yes, ASM Educational Center
https://asmed.com/


Functionality

What data do you think is needed to register a user?
-Name and surname.
-Date of Birth.
-Email.
-Phone.
-Employee ID (active in the company).


Will you register new users?
The system must connect to an existing company database to avoid re-entering the large amount of data we have internally.

Do you believe that it is necessary to have a deadline to register for a course or should it be open to register anytime for those who are interested?
If, on the basis that the courses will progress, it is necessary to set deadlines before they can enter.

How do you envision the participants being evaluated in the courses
Through exams.

Do you think it’s necessary to show progress of the course though percentage? Why?
Yes, so that the user can validate the progress they have


## :memo: [Volver a inicio](https://github.com/SergioG93/Analisis-avanzado-de-sofware)	